During the past two weeks at code space I have learnt a lot.
The first week was based mainly on introduction, getting to know our lecturers, what they expect and what code space is all about.
We then proceeded into the introduction of what html, css and javascript is.
So far we have covered all the basics of html and I have gained a lot of information and knowledge of the different tags and functionalities of each. I have a slight background on html because I studied CAT in high school and between 2015 and now there have been quite a bit of changes with regards to a couple of tags and to me that was something new and I enjoyed the discovery.
It just shows how rapidly technology is evolving and that one needs to keep up in order to be ahead and up to date with what's new.
As mentioned before, I learned a lot of new tags and got a clearer understanding on why, when, how and where they are used. I got to play around with a bit of css as well.
I look forward to the rest of the course and what it has in store.
Creating something from scratch with a clear understanding is very exciting and empowering. It is the greatest feeling ever.
Also, the working environment is very motivating and everyone is comfortable to ask questions and we help each other out as well. We have built a great classroom space which allows everyone to participate and be a part of the learning experience which is something very enriching, encouraging and unique.
There are individual tasks as well and I find them quite challenging and helpful because one has the chance to discipline themselves and work effectively and efficiently.
There are also group tasks, which gives one a chance to work with others and learn from their peers. Team work is really as important as being able to work independently. Mastering both skills makes one versatile which is a great skill in any working environment. I have also made great discoveries on the kind of person I am, strengths and weaknesses and ways in which they can be improved.
So not only has the course taught me how to code, it has also given me a chance to learn a lot about myself and has given me the ability to develop professionally.
